Now that we understand the time value of money
and the importance of small savings
leading to massive wealth generation later in life,
let's now talk about what you make
and what you spend on a monthly basis,
so we can focus on increasing your income
after all expenses,
and of course, so we can focus on saving much more money.
Now, companies analyze their spending habits
by making what's called an income statement,
which explains money in and money out.
We're gonna do the same thing here
by creating and materially improving
your personal income statement,
and what we're gonna do is this,
we're gonna calculate where your money is going,
okay, and we're gonna do this exercise two times, okay?
And this will make a lot more sense very soon.
We're gonna start with creating your
current income statement,
then we're gonna learn about more than
100 ways to save or reduce expenses, I should say,
and save more money so we can create your
new and improved income statements, okay,
and if you find just one or two or three ways
to cut back on expenses out of the 100 plus ways
we're gonna discuss, then this could lead to
literally over a million dollars more
in your pockets in the long run, okay?
And I know that sounds ambitious,
but please remember the first exercise in this course
and when we discussed very small changes in spending
like spending less daily on a coffee or a tea,
and how much more money you'll save in the long run.
And so, if you end up using more than a few
of the 100 ways that we're gonna discuss
to reduce your spending, then your financial future
will start looking like your dream life.
There's no limits.
Let's do this.
Okay, we can save money and have fun doing these exercises.
And so the next step is to please
watch the next lesson so we can document
your current income statement.
Thank you.